1. Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2 ?
    
    HTTP1.1:
        ▸ It works on the textual format.
        ▸ There is head of line blocking that blocks all the requests behind it until it doesn’t get its all resources.
        ▸ It uses requests resource Inlining for use getting multiple pages
        ▸ It compresses data by itself.
    

    HTTP/2:   
        ▸ It works on the binary protocol.
        ▸ It allows multiplexing so one TCP connection is required for multiple requests.
        ▸ It uses PUSH frame by server that collects all multiple pages 
        ▸ It uses HPACK for data compression.
        ▸



2. Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript

    Objects:
        ▸ An object is a collection of properties, and a property is an association between a name (or key) and a value. A property's value can be a function, in which case the property is known as a method. Objects in JavaScript, just as in many other programming languages, can be compared to objects in real life

    Example:
        <!-- object creation -->
        const person = { 
        name: 'John',
        age: 20
        };
        console.log(typeof person);

    Output:
        object


    
3. Read about IP address, port, HTTP methods, MAC address

    IP address:
        ▸ Internet Protocol
        ▸ An IP address, or Internet Protocol address, is a unique number that identifies a device connected to the internet. IP addresses are typically assigned by an internet service provider (ISP).

    Port:
        ▸ A network port is a virtual or physical point where network connections begin and end. Ports are software-based and managed by a computer's operating system. Each port is associated with a specific process or service.

    HTTP methods:
        ▸ Hypertext Transfer Protocol
        ▸ Hypertext Transfer Protocol (HTTP) methods are a set of operations that allow users to interact with a server. HTTP methods are sometimes called HTTP verbs.

    MAC address:
        ▸ Media Access Control Address
        ▸ A MAC address, or medium access control address, is a 12-digit hexadecimal number that uniquely identifies a device connected to a network. The MAC address is assigned to a device's network interface card (NIC) during manufacturing.
    